Basic WASM / web-building support (#5102)
gap-system/gap: etc/emscripten/README.md

Code to allow building gap to WASM using Emscripten.

Files:

> - build.sh : Run as 'etc/emscripten/build.sh' from a fresh copy of GAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `build.sh`: Run as `etc/emscripten/build.sh` from a fresh copy of GAP.
```

Note that this built copy has one major weakness -- the 'gap.data' (which includes all packages files) is huge.

> - web-template : Uses 'xterm-pty' to create a "nice" interface to the Wasm GAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `web-template`: Uses 'xterm-pty' to create a "nice" interface to the Wasm GAP.
```

See 'run-web-demo.sh' as an example on how to set up a working website.

Note that this these scripts require a feature called "SharedArrayBuffer", which requires

> some webserver report.

Reviewer: do you mean "support"?

Could you be a bit more specific what is needed? I googled a bit and I think it might be "Cross-origin isolation" ?
